B. Tech in Electronics and Electrical Engineering

KIIT School of Electronics Engineering offers “B.Tech. in Electronics and Electrical Engineering ” as its prime graduate program, which impart world class education through qualified and experienced faculties with doctorate degree from IISC, IITs, NITs, Foreign Universities and other reputed institutes. Faculty members are highly expertise in the field of power electronics, control system, electrical machine, power system, Soft Computing, Machine Learning, IoT, embedded systems, signal processing etc. This branch of Engineering conceptualizes the fundamentals for careers in multiple companies like Amazon, Delloite, Tech Mahindra, Mindtree, Infosys, Cognizant, TCS, HCL, Google, Wipro, IBM, Microsoft and many more. It also caters to Research potential in recent areas like electric vehicle, renewable energy application, machine learning, artificial intelligence, IOT, robotics, Bioinformatics, Computational Intelligence. Laboratories catering to academic requirements of electronics and allied branches at undergraduate level i.e. power electronics and drive lab, machine lab, control system lab, analog and digital electronics lab, communication engineering lab, microprocessor and micro-controller lab, and signal processing lab, measurements and instrumentation lab, process control labs. Additionally, quick and appropriate technical support for teaching and live projects are available. National Instruments’ Center of Excellence established in School of Electronics facilitates student research. Design and Thinking Lab available in School of Electronics to facilitate live projects in the areas of IoT, Machine Learning and Augmented Reality. E-cell, a student society in School of Electronics to promote technological activities among students outside their regular curriculum. B.Tech. Electronics and Electrical Engineering students of KIIT enjoy multiple job offers and high percentage of corporate and academic placements through the campus interviews with the support of KIIT Training and Placement cell and consistent guidance of expert faculties.


eligibility criteria

Candidates who have passed 10+2 examination in 2018,2019 or appearing in 10+2 examination in 2020 are only eligible to apply for B.Tech(4 Years) course of the University.
Should have studied in regular full time formal education in their schooling/college.
Pass in 10 +2 or its equivalent with at least 60% marks in Physics, Chemistry and Mathematics taken together.
Should have born on or after 01.07.1999.


Program Educational Objectives (PEO)

The B. Tech Program (Electronics & Electrical Engineering) graduates will:

Lead a successful career in industry, pursue higher study or entrepreneurial endeavor through design, analysis, simulation and applications of Electronics and Electrical Engineering.
Possess technical competence, perceive feasibility and impact of engineering solutions in social, legal, environmental, economic and multi- disciplinary context.
Demonstrate professional and ethical responsibility and engage in life-long learning.


The program outcomes are:

Engineering knowledge: Ability to apply the knowledge of mathematics, science, engineering fundamentals, and an engineering specialization to the solution of complex engineering problems.
Problem analysis: Ability to identify, formulate, review research literature, and analyze complex engineering problems reaching substantiated conclusions using first principles of mathematics, natural sciences, and engineering sciences.
Design/Development of solutions: Ability to design solutions for complex engineering problems and design system components or processes that meet the specified needs with appropriate consideration for the public health and safety, and the cultural, societal, and environmental considerations.
Conduct investigations on complex problems: Ability to use research-based knowledge and research methods including design of experiments, analysis and interpretation of data, and synthesis of the information to provide valid conclusions.
Modern tool usage: Ability to create, select, and apply appropriate techniques, resources, and modern engineering and IT tools including prediction and modeling to complex engineering activities with an understanding of the limitations.
The engineer and society: Ability to apply reasoning informed by the contextual knowledge to assess societal, health, safety, legal and cultural issues and the consequent responsibilities relevant to the professional engineering practice.
Environment and sustainability: Ability to understand the impact of the professional engineering solutions in societal and environmental contexts, and demonstrate the knowledge of, and need for sustainable development.
Ethics: Ability to apply ethical principles and commit to professional ethics and responsibilities and norms of the engineering practice.
Individual and team: Ability to function effectively as an individual, and as a member or leader in diverse teams, and in multidisciplinary settings.
Communication: Ability to communicate effectively on complex engineering activities with the engineering community and with society at large, such as, being able to comprehend and write effective reports and design documentation, make effective presentations, and give and receive clear instructions.
Project management and finance: Ability to demonstrate knowledge and understanding of the engineering and management principles and apply these to one’s own work, as a member and leader in a team, to manage projects and in multidisciplinary environments.
Life-long learning: Ability to recognize the need for, and have the preparation and ability to engage in independent and life-long learning in the broadest context of technological change.


The Program Specific Outcomes are:

Ability to design and implement electronic circuits, electrical machine, drives and different power systems in industry.
Ability to carry out research in the fields of embedded systems, renewable energy, machine design and smart grids.
Ability to utilize the knowledge in solving practical problems for electronics and electrical systems.
 

 