About School of Electronics Engineering
We firmly believe that knowledge of Electronics is not only valuable but also instrumental in shaping the future across numerous trust areas, extending far beyond 5G, IoT, Wearable Tech, Artificial Intelligence, Automotive, Graphene, Quantum, and Smart Grid technology. In recognition of this, the School of Electronics at KIIT DU offers a diverse range of programs tailored to meet the demands of rapidly evolving technologies.

Our undergraduate B.Tech programs encompass a broad spectrum of disciplines, including Electronics and Electrical Engineering, Electronics and Telecommunication, and Electronics and Computer Science. For those seeking to delve deeper into specialized areas, we offer M.Tech programs with specializations in Communication Engineering and VLSI Design.

Staying ahead of the curve is a core principle for us. That’s why our curriculum is continuously updated to address the state-of-the-art demands of both the IT sector and core industries. Additionally, we provide students with the flexibility to align their passions and gain deeper specialized knowledge by selecting electives from domains of Electrical vehicles, Embedded design, Networking, Computing & Analytics, IoT & Cyberphysical Systems, and more. Recognizing the importance of interdisciplinary learning, we encourage our students to explore beyond the boundaries of Electronics. As part of our open elective offerings, students have the opportunity to select courses from Law, Management, and other Schools of KIIT DU, broadening their horizons and enhancing their skill sets.

Our state-of-the-art facilities include air-conditioned classrooms, a library stocked with plenty of e-resources, academic labs equipped with the latest technology, and research facilities where students can engage in cutting-edge research projects. Furthermore, we provide opportunities for students to gain real-world experience through industry internships, research works, and collaborative projects, allowing them to build prototypes and develop solutions to real-world challenges as part of their capstone projects. KIIT Technology Building and Incubation Centers add an extra mile in shaping students’ careers as entrepreneurs.

In essence, our school is dedicated to providing a 360-degree holistic learning experience that prepares students to excel in the dynamic field of Electronics and beyond. Whether it’s through rigorous academics, practical experiences, or interdisciplinary opportunities, we strive to empower our students to become the innovators and leaders of tomorrow. Welcome to the School of Electronics, where the possibilities are endless.


Listed below are the salient features:

The School of Electronics Engineering imparts cutting-edge skills through teaching, R&D and industrial consultancy, in frontier areas of Communication Engineering, Electronics Engineering and Control System Engineering.
The well-qualified faculty members ensure understanding of fundamental concepts with a view to lay a strong foundation.
Students are trained in current technologies, analytical problem solving and product design skills to be employable in the industry.
The pedagogy is designed such that students are able to connect theory with application and motivated to applying the same in furthering their careers.
The School has strategically partnered with industry to update its syllabus, introduce industry based electives and facilitate students’ internship at industry for skill development.
It has established Centre of Excellence in collaboration with industry for various research and training purposes.
The value addition training and career augmentation services prepare students to meet expectations of industry demands.
The syllabi of UG programs in diverse areas of Computer Science include core subjects as well as electives under department, institute, open and industry categories, subjects including the core subjects of science and technology.
The state-of-the-art facilities of the School include an adequate number of air-conditioned classrooms, academic laboratories, conference hall, reading rooms, various research l laboratories, and an around-the-clock Library with Journals, e-resources, multilingual newspapers, divergent magazines, and around 13000 books. The digital library has access to a large number of databases related to interdisciplinary subjects including the core subjects of science and technology.

Vision

To impart world class education and research in Electronics Engineering, with particular regard to their applications in industry, healthcare and commerce in a diverse society.
Mission

To prepare students for professional career, higher studies and entrepreneurship.
To facilitate students to utilize fundamental technical knowledge and skills in Electronics engineering, to analyze and solve problems, and apply these abilities
to generate new knowledge, ideas or products in academia, industry or Government.
To encourage and facilitate students, to involve themselves in research work through continuous learning, to build skills beyond curriculum.
To integrate training in engineering principles, critical thinking, hands-on projects, open-ended problem solving to build up creative abilities and research
spirit.
To impart the essential skills of leadership, teamwork, communication and ethics in students to interact and communicate effectively (written and/or oral) with
others (e.g., supervisor, client and/or team).
To engage students with alumni, industry, Government, and community partners through outreach activities in order to inculcate global perception.
under the Leadership of


Prof. Suprava Pattanaik
Dean
suprava.patnaikfet@kiit.ac.in


Dr. Sarita Nanda
Associate Dean
snandafet@kiit.ac.in