“I got a wide platform in field of Education and Research from  KIIT Deemed To Be  University. The best part of this university is it is most friendly university. Got job as an Application Developer in Bank of  New Mellon Technology from in Campus.  Completed  Master of Science in Information System. in “University of Maryland, College Park School of Business Stream”.

SRAGDHARA PATTANAIK , Electronics and Electrical Engineering, Batch: 2011-2015

“KIIT Deemed to be University showed  me a path for my career and  bright future. Due to the guidance of Professors I had completed my Master’s  Degree  from ‘ University of Ottawa, Canada ’ and   now working as Business Systems Analyst in NOKIA ,ONTARIO, OTTAWA”

 

KAUSTUBH DUTTA, Electronics and Telecommunication Engineering, Batch:2012-2016


“I got a wide platform in field of Education and Research from  KIIT Deemed To Be  University. The best part of this university is it is most friendly university. Got job as an Application Developer in Bank of  New Mellon Technology from in Campus.  Completed  Master of Science in Information System. in “University of Maryland, College Park School of Business Stream”.

SRAGDHARA PATTANAIK , Electronics and Electrical Engineering, Batch: 2011-2015



“I got placement  just in my 7th semester . One of the best thing of  KIIT  University  is always provides  better placement and  friendly atmosphere to all of us .I went for higher studies  in ‘Grenoble Inp – Ense3 IRIT Multi Sites toulouse, france’ with specialization in Power electronics  by the guidance of teachers after passing from the university also. Thanks to  KIIT UNIVERSITY”.

VISHWAJEET MAURYA, Electronics and Electrical Engineering, Batch: 2011-2015


“Beyond placement my University provides many platforms for students to enchrich  there hobbies and activity through many society. I  joined NSS  and got opportunity to attend many event related to social service. Now I am pursuing Master ‘s degree in Finance from ‘University of Technology Sydney Australia’. Really miss my golden days in KIIT University”.

SREEJIT.GUHA, Electronics and Instrumentation Engineering, Batch: 2012-2016


Samriddhi Singh
Product Development Engineer, UST
My journey at KIIT was full of enriching experiences as the college provided me with several opportunities and platforms which helped me grow and enhance my skills and overall personality.


Om Shuvam Sanket Mohapatra
Accenture
KIIT’s facilities, management and most importantly faculty were instrumental in inspiring and collaborating with me on how to proceed.


Ishita Banerjee
Accenture
Supportive faculty helped build my self-confidence and personality. Grateful to KIIT for the best education experience I’ve had.


Anand Kumar Jha
Accenture
In 4 years of this amazing journey, my school helped me find out my passion, and blessed me with amazing faculty and friends.


Kritish Mukherjee
Capgemini
The culture at my school and the University made me comfortable and helped boost my confidence.


Souronil Pal
Hyundai Mobis
KIIT provided me the perfect platform for my future. I could not have expected more in terms of placements and academia.


Anish Banerjee
Accenture Solutions Pvt. Ltd
KIIT gave me the opportunity to showcase my talent at the International Level. Indebted to my school for their support and guidance.


Siddhant Singh
Altran
“Brilliant, Fantastic and Amazing”. These three words come to mind for School of Electronics.


Soham Pakhira
Deloitte Consulting India
Grateful to my school for the skills, training and confidence building.


Ankita Sahu
Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Ltd.
My school provided me with a lot of opportunities and helped me grow.


Saikrishna Paila
Accenture
KIIT helped me nurture my skills and grow both personally and professionally.


Biswal Binod Kumar
Accenture
My school gave me a lot of opportunities to grow as an individual. It helped realize my true potential.


Gaurav Das
R&D company (L&T Technology Services Limited)
My school helped me in fulfilling my dreams. Grateful to all the faculty, pre placement training department who helped me prepare for every situation.


Shreyasee Paul
Sales SImulation Analyst
I owe to my school and KIIT for being who I am today. I am proud to be called a “Lovable KIITian” and am filled with gratitude for every contribution of the institute behind my success.


Abhisek Sahoo
Accenture Solutions Pvt Ltd
The environment and culture at my school helped me build leadership skills, teamwork, and made me ready for the corporate world.


Niranjana kundu
Kpit technologies and Accenture
Feels amazing to have years of support and encouragement from my school. Helped me deal with life and transformed me to what I am today.


Sagnik Ghosh
Tejas networks
The culture of flexibility and liberty in my school allowed me to explore and pursue my dream of working in a deep tech network.


Sreeparna Majumder
Robert Bosch Engineering and business solutions
My school helped me achieve my ambition. Grateful to the amazing faculty , my ever supportive mentor and pre placement team for all their support.


Saurav Dangar
Prodapt Solutions Pvt. Ltd
My school provided me with enough opportunities and facilities to gain knowledge in my core domain.


Rohit Anand
Cognizant & Wipro
Magnificent infrastructure with systematic teaching and periodic assessment. Such rigor at KIIT helped me become a better version of myself.


Rudrajeet Dutta
Ericsson India Global Services
I am thankful to my school for the impeccable teaching learning process. It helped me get a great placement.


Nisha Bharti
Technical Recruiter Education, Ranchi
School of Electronics Engineering,KIIT family groomed my personality meticulously and the fun-filled four years of my B.Tech will be cherished forever.


Devsmita Roy
G-Tec Education
School of Electronics Engineering,KIIT helped me to get valuable exposure. Grateful for the constant support and guidance from all the Faculty and peers.


Sulagna Chakraborty
Robert Bosch Engineering and Business Solutions
My school of electronics gave me the required exposure along with domain knowledge. The preplacement training was impeccable.


Garima Vasishtha
Robert Bosch Engineering and Business Solutions
The faculty were extremely supportive. The course curriculum helped me acquire the necessary expertise.


Prachi Singh
The culture at School of Electronics made me feel independent which helped boost my self-confidence.


Sreyashee Kundu
Ericsson Global Services Private Limited
School of Electronics endowed me with new learnings by some erudite professors on my particular field. Overall, it gave me the perfect blend of joy and hardships providing lots of new opportunities and helped me to grow more independent!!


Koustav Dutta
Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu India LLP
IDEATE | INNOVATE | INSPIRE. School of Electronics believes in the above three words and this culture helped me get my dream job.


Abhishek Banerjee
Placed in- Cognizant and Wipro
The School of Electronics is a perfect hub for acquiring knowledge both on technical and analytical skills. The way the faculties extended their support is worth both appreciation and obligation at the same time.

Batch-2018-2022
Roll no-1804212


Shriya Sarkar
University: NEOMA Business School, France.
KIIT imparts theoretical as well as practical knowledge. The curriculum is current and is always updated according to the industry trend. It has shaped my personality and given me the confidence to strive for success. Thank you KIIT for shaping my future.

Roll Number: 1830191
Batch: 2018-2022


Manoj Kumar Tiwary
Parents of Prateek Tiwari
It was the day of counselling when I witnessed the beautiful campus of KIIT for the first time. That day Prateek got admission in Electronics and Telecommunication Engineering. As a parent, I am really happy that today, after 4 years, he has a job in hand.

I want to express my gratitude towards the School of Electronics for providing all the facilities that any electronics student would need. I would like to thank the professors of the School of Electronics Engineering for always being there for my son. Their guidance has helped him to forge his career.” – MANOJ KUMAR TIWARY and RASHMI TIWARY, Parents of Prateek Tiwari, ETC, 2021 graduated batch, Placed in Capgemini, Accenture, Cognizant, Wipro, TCS(Ninja), HighRadius.


Avijit Sen
Soumik Sen's Parents
My son’s journey at KIIT has been amazing. I’m very thankful to KIIT School of Electronics Engineering and Training Placement department for providing great placement opportunities even in this pandemic situation.” -AVIJIT SEN and CHANDRANI SEN, Parents of Soumik Sen, 2021 graduated batch, ETC, Placed in Accenture, 4.5 LPA.


Ronojoy Sengupta
Parents of Ronak Sengupta
We, parents of Ronak Sengupta will remain grateful to KIIT School Of Electronics Engineering and Training Placement Department forever for providing great placement opportunities even in this pandemic situation.
Today we feel our dream of seeing our son becoming an engineer was not a mere dream but a true accomplishment that got fulfilled because of our son’s hard work and dedication through out his journey at KIIT. Our special thanks to Dr. Achyuta Samanta and all the professors including his mentor Prof. Arindam Basak for their immense support to build his career path.” – RONOJOY SENGUPTA and ENAKSHI SENGUPTA, Parents of Ronak Sengupta, ETC, 2021 graduated batch, Placed in Wipro and High Radius.


Ishita Banerjee
Working in Accenture
KIIT University is that place from where I started to believe in myself. I built my self-confidence and groomed my personality. The faculties were really supportive.our university offers multiple jobs . Thanks to everyone who was part of my journey.


Oishi Dutta
Placed at Accenture
Got amazing support from my school to build my career and strong educational base and got placed one of my dream company have nothing but thank you Kiit and all my faculties who have helped me throughout my four years of journey